All right to get you going so you don't have to go and create all these folders right.
There's 100 problems you know.
I don't want you to do things 100 times.
So what we have here is our initial repo which will look exactly like our markdown repo or mark down
that we showed a few videos ago.
Next up we have all hundred problems in here and those differences are.
Now this read me.
So all you have to do if you're familiar with get help is you can go and clone this at.
There will be a link in the description here but essentially it's good pizza poker.
The 100 algorithm challenge or you go this link you just download if you're not familiar with it as
well.
So the three things that I'll provide here for you to get up and going is one there will be a link to
this get help page to there'll be a link to a full typescript video if you just want to learn it more
in depth.
It's completely free just on my YouTube channel.
And three there will be a link to a get up to Torro which is about 30 minutes which will get you up
and going I really want those you are not comfortable with it.
Just start getting comfortable is a hard skill in today's market and it's really easy to get going.
30 minute video you can do everything you need to do here you can copy this replay you can push when
you have a new solution to your own.
It's going to be a fun thing.
Let's go ahead and jump in to the algorithms finally.
I don't know.
I don't know about you but I'm not a big setup guy.
I want to get into the code so let's get into the code.